Add the implementation of ConfigurationDiscovery on the OAP side. (#6220)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/setup/backend/configuration-vocabulary.md

| exporter | grpc | targetHost | The host of target grpc server for receiving export data. | SW_EXPORTER_GRPC_HOST | 127.0.0.1 |
| - | - | targetPort | The port of target grpc server for receiving export data. | SW_EXPORTER_GRPC_PORT | 9870 |
| health-checker | default | checkIntervalSeconds | The period of check OAP internal health status. Unit is second. | SW_HEALTH_CHECKER_INTERVAL_SECONDS | 5 |

> | configuration-discovery | default | disableMessageDigest | If the current configuration is true, the requestId and uuid will not be judged. | SW_DISABLE_MESSAGE_DIGEST | false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| configuration-discovery | default | disableMessageDigest | If the current configuration is true, agent receive the latest configuration even without change. In default, OAP uses SHA512 message digest mechanism to detect changes of configuration. | SW_DISABLE_MESSAGE_DIGEST | false
```

> | configuration-discovery | default | disableMessageDigest | If the current configuration is true, agent receive the latest configuration even without change. In default, OAP uses SHA512 message digest mechanism to detect changes of configuration. | SW_DISABLE_MESSAGE_DIGEST | false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| configuration-discovery | default | disableMessageDigest | If true, agent receives the latest configuration every time even without change. In default, OAP uses SHA512 message digest mechanism to detect changes of configuration. | SW_DISABLE_MESSAGE_DIGEST | false
```
